---
title: "Just Use Haskell for Your Next Website"
lastmod: 2017-12-13
toc: on
---

Did you know it's possible to create a website using Haskell? Incredible as it
may seem, Haskell is not (only) some obscure programming language, full of super
abstract concepts and no practical application, used only by crazy academics and
mathematicians.

If those words are obvious and non-sense to you, congratulations, but despite
our claims it's a [full-featured general purpose programming
language](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haskell_(programming_language)){target="_blank"},
truth is there are many people out there thinking of Haskell as a "limited
language": good for compilers, but awkward for ordinary programming tasks, such
as making a website.

The "website example" was not random. Just look around and you'll find countless
developers judging the usefulness or relevance of technologies through a
rationale that goes something like this:

\[Put the graph in here!\]

Obviously this is a hypothetic and merely illustrative curve, so don't take it
seriously (even because I have strong reasons to believe the real scenario is
closer to some $f\left(x\right) = k \times e^{x}$), but to some extent, it's
undeniable that making a website has become the modern "Hello, world!". :smile:

Because the metric "how easy it is to build a website with technology X" has
spread and reached a point where it can no longer be ignored, I decided to write
this post sharing my perspective, some insights, and also to encourage you to
use Haskell --- or more specifically, [Hakyll](https://jaspervdj.be/hakyll/) ---
for your next website.

For that matter, I'm going to show you how to develop a personal blog from the
ground up using [Hakyll](https://jaspervdj.be/hakyll/) and, hopefully, you'll
convince yourself that one PhD in Mathematics and a second in Computer Science
are not required to make useful stuff using Haskell.

## Cut to the Chase... {.notoc}

* toc

## Bootstrapping Hakyll

## Inserting a Comments Section

## Mailing List Integration

## Adding a Table of Contents

## Enabling Emoji Support

## Adding Social Meta Tags

## Generating a "sitemap.xml"

## Conclusion

